---
layout: post
title: Teaching Philosophy
---
As a teacher, I strongly believe in cultivating a safe space for students to express themselves and explore their personal and academic interests freely. We are often told that competition can be a good motivator, but a learning environment needs to be welcoming rather than intimidating. I want all of my students to feel capable of thriving—Each of us has unique characteristics that make us great, and I think the classroom should be a place where everyone is appreciated. In college, the encouragement of my professors was crucial for me to decide to continue my studies in graduate school, and I am inspired to do the same to my own students.

I also value student collaboration as an important element of learning, and I think a vibrant educational community can make all the difference to students’ wellbeing and academic development. My time as an instructor of Portuguese Language and Brazilian Culture at Auburn University prepared me to work with a variety of learners; In the same classroom I could have an undergraduate student and a retired professor looking to learn a new language, so assessing students’ needs and working on community building was an essential part of my work. Because this was a non-credit course, I also had to ensure the class was something students looked forward to.
Furthermore, I seek to ensure that students from all cultural backgrounds should feel not only accepted but celebrated. One of the ways I am able to ensure that is by taking a decolonial approach in my classes. For instance, I believe recognizing the African origins of Brazilian culture is something that cannot be separated from teaching Portuguese. In fact, I have had students who decided to learn the language precisely because of that connection. This often means adding materials to lesson planning that are not in mainstream textbooks, but ensuring students have access to authentic input is also one of my teaching goals.

My approach to language teaching is student-centered and task-based, and I want to prepare students to use Spanish and Portuguese in the classroom and beyond. As part of my Romance Studies PhD Program at Duke University, I have studied all the key methodologies for language learning. I curate the best approaches and activities from these methodologies according to the learning objectives of each class. Also as part of my education at Duke was an apprenticeship program in which I worked with both Portuguese and Spanish teachers and was able to collaborate in their classes.

With my research being focused on film and literature in Latin America, I view language teaching as a comprehensive way, valuing meaning and context. In particular, I have examined topics such as the subject of documentary film, transculturation in political filmmaking, and testimony narrative and trauma in Latin America.  Therefore, I also hope to prepare my students to use different critical and methodological approaches to analyze the aesthetic, historical, and cultural aspects of written and visual texts. I facilitate student acquisition of cultural knowledge in tandem with language learning. As someone who learned to speak English with great help from books and films, I think content is crucial to keep students motivated and to show them what learning a new language can add to their lives.